in volovanes today someone believes that
he returned from vacation also exact if
return I return with misrata come now
he does not listen to everyone
Well, all by messages are
hypersensitive I re high of the
tears you have to answer
reply
she feels warm down there and she's going to go
the recent hot and she goes for
There, but how nice and beautiful
and the two of blue the two dolls
dressed in blue we have to
coordinate if you have health again there
greetings country drive ready is not my
Dorian gave me fault
and I'm going to tell you
radio people he was settling
the wardrobe because he was taking
the microphone cable
very well
it's a greeting for the family
Mena Chávez from San Juan
current crisis of the labor state of
Mexico
from mario becerril from the cabin
Video video cabin video
video then for the family
english
Now that we are back, my life
Now here we are again in the
I study a lot of the people who are in the
vicky radio is already of course in the
madness transit in the
madness bottlenecks need
listen to the message of the minimum income
well so concentrate and with that
grains and dad that you have forward very
good morning my loves that happy me
I'm sorry to be able to say hello today
It is Monday, April 16, 2012
I am a calm and happy lariat
after having taken a delicious
rest week the truth that we were
super cool
what a good time I had with a graphic now
now we have to renew the desire to
work and on the subject of the subject I leave you
a deep phrase of the philosopher
elbert hubbard a machine can do
the work of 50 ordinary men but
there is no machine that can
do a man's work
extraordinary
for today I leave you and I wait for you here
tomorrow I send you a huge kiss remember
that I am the rat and that I always
you will take very but from a person
when he said it was a man he was
approached if he is an extraordinary man
the dew fair
this one says mother and you could be sent
greetings to my babies
katy al and brian my grandson diego to me
husband who likes your real
I like her tells me her husband well
she loves the doctor of the rose
so good for you as
everyone
at this time we invite you detailed me
and invite you my life
we invite you
that the monkeys
we invite you to put in
Attention
so that they find out about the most
relevant events that occur in our city
with the lady marisa rivera jode law